{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green76\blue180;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20420\viewh12180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi -
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 We are the hiring managers for the AlaskaAir.com development teams and we are happy to say that we would like to evaluate you further as a potential team member! This coding test is a way for us to \'93see you in action\'94. Please take some time to follow the steps below. We will subsequently evaluate the results as our next step towards an on-site interview loop.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 While we favor pair and group programming, please do this exercise on your own so that we can get a good picture of your talents. It\'92ll also help set you up for success for the rest of the on-site interview process.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Please send your completed test to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:e-commercetechnicalhiring@alaskaair.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 e-commercetechnicalhiring@alaskaair.com}}.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Thank you,
\fs24 \

\fs22 David Patterson, Larry Cohen and Patrick Boudreaux
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs22 \cf0 Alaska Airlines Coding Test
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs22 \'a0
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs22 Description
\b0 :
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 The purpose of this test is to test your familiarity with C#, MVC, HTML, and CSS. \'a0All items we use on a regular basis to maintain current functionality and add new functionality to Alaska Airlines digital footprint. Please approach this test as if you were intending on deploying this to a production environment. \'a0This includes using the same patterns and practices you would use in a production environment. \'a0Also assume other engineers will have to maintain and or add functionality to this in the future. Impress us!
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 The result of this coding test will need to be sent to the development manager. \'a0The code will then be reviewed by engineers on staff to determine the next steps in the hiring process.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs22 \cf0 \'a0
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs22 Additional Details:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Estimated Time to Complete
\fs24 \

\fs22 - 2 - 3 Hours depending on experience
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Requirements
\fs24 \

\fs22 - .Net 4.6 or higher
\fs24 \

\fs22 -{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'a0ASP.NET}}\'a0MVC Website
\fs24 \

\fs22 - Bootstrap CSS
\fs24 \

\fs22 - We should be able to compile and run your solution
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Data Files (attached CSVs)
\fs24 \

\fs22 - List of airports
\fs24 \

\fs22 - List of flights going from one airport to another
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Required Functionality
\fs24 \

\fs22 - User should be able to search for flights between two different airports.
\fs24 \

\fs22 - User should be able to see a list of flights matching the search parameters on the previous step
\fs24 \

\fs22 - User should be able to sort the flights by price or departure
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Some Helpful Hints
\fs24 \

\fs22 - CSV Helper -{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nuget.org/packages/CsvHelper/2.16.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'a0https://www.nuget.org/packages/CsvHelper/2.16.3}}
\fs24 \

\fs22 \'a0
\fs24 \

\fs22 Extra Credit
\fs24 \

\fs22 - Expose necessary actions as json endpoints
\fs24 \

\fs22 - Using the JavaScript library of your choosing create a single page application encompassing the required functionality}